Good Afternoon everyone !!
We are here to present on the article named Natural-Born entreprenur.
I am sure we all have used a spreadsheet to make our calculations easier or to 
track expenses in our day to day life. Today we are going through a extract from an
interview with Dan Bricklin who is the founder of electronic spreadsheet.
So the history revolves around a classroom in the Harvard where Dan is trying to 
find a simpler solution to his teacher erasing and rewriting certain sequential
calculations. This naturally gave birth to the electronic spreadsheet that was 
aimed to simplify things.
The interview continues further and the incidents are covered in the subsequent
slides. We shall now move on to the first question that Dan was asked about.

So, the first question asked was what will people pay for?
In this article Dan gives 2 examples, The mobile phones and the stocks.
the 1st example being referred to are mobile phones which are currently
the most essential gadget be it from checking stock quotes and making trades
to buying all sorts of goods and services we do require a phone and I am sure we 
all can agree on this fact. But according to Dan he says that If you look at why 
people actually use the Internet, cell phones, and other communications 
technologies they pay for, you quickly discover that they are rarely driven 
by a desire to buy things or track their money.

The other example being referred here is the stocks. Dan says that when we look at
a certain person who is wearing a trendy outfit we don't immediately plan on buying
a stock in that company before it goes up.
The reality is that not many people would be down to pay for a new phone often nor
would anyone consider buying and selling any particular shares frequently.
So now the question arises What will people actually pay for!!!

If we observe the 1st three lines said by Dan, no matter how sillysome of these uses
sound, they are exactly the kinds of activities people will pay for and
have always paid for.
This now is definitely most debatable the Irony here is that people actually do pay
for all such actions.
Forwarding jokes to people, recommending URLs,
arranging dinner plans, and, yes, gossiping. People will also pay money
to give little gifts to show that they remember a special event, that they
care about or are thinking of someone.

So in this way Dan Brickling highlights on the importance of a naturally born idea
that can make wonders and of course every entrepreneur's key aim would be on how
he would monetize his products effectively and to support this Dan has indeed 
given examples as to how and what the people are ready to pay for.
Now let's see on the next part of the article which would be continued by my 
friend Subash.