Good Morning Everyone !!! We are group 2 and we are here to put forth an usability
evaluation between the two most giant video platforms that is YouTube and dailymotion.

We all know YouTube is a most widely used and preferred platforms for be it any type
of use like education, gaming, streaming, news and many more. It has spread across
the globe with an active users of 7.2 billion. On the other hand we have dailymotion
with an active users of 300 million which is the biggest competitor of YouTube. Now
here we will discuss on what aspects of cognition, usability and guidelines that make 
YouTube a wide-spread and successful option as compared to dailymotion.

So as we have learnt in this course on the process or in fact the guidelines that are
to be kept in mind in order to evaluate the websites or web-pages we will proceed
with the following components : Navigating the interface ; Organizing the display
Getting user's attention & Facilitating data entry. And in each of the criteria that
we are going to evaluate on we will compare both YouTube & dailymotion simultaenously.
So, let's move on to the next slide.

Navigation of the interface. As you can observe on the screen on either side we have
the homepages of both the websites. We can observe that there are similar components
that have been positioned like the search bar, the user account, the recommendations,
& also the logo that scrolls back when clicked.But as we observe closely & notice how
the positioning of the elements are we realize that the design is simple but yet it
appeals visually. On the other hand the home page of daily motion has a small draw
back which we would be discussing further.

Organizing the display. Again on either side we have the display overlay of both the
platforms & the structure for youtube has evolved very much compared to its first.But
in the next slide if you observe it from the time it was first built in the year of 2005 it
looked like this. It is clearly seen that daily motion hasn't been updated since then.
And the drawback that was mentioned was that the web-page of daily motion are not
responsive with modern day devices. YouTube being a product of Google has many
cognition experts who use comprehensive tools like an eye-tracker and similar methods to
evaluate where does the user center his attention and the most crucial part in the
cognitive design is that more detail is provided in building muscle memory for the users
so that they do not have to spend extra time in getting to know the interface when they
visit the second time. This was done in order to suit all kinds novice, intermediate &
the expert users.

Moving on next,
Getting user's attention. Both the platforms have quite a contrast when it comes to
capturing the attention of the users. YouTube has organized tabs for trending,
recommended and mostly viewed real time data where as daily motion believes in 
constant design and has no real time updation. In a survey that was conducted in 
Twitter there were 78% of users who were very much attracted by the trending section
of videos on YouTube and this was widely appreciated. YouTube also asks their users to fill
short surveys related to their ads or how satisfied they're with the homepage. This is done
so that the interface can be made more smooth.

Moving further,
Facilitating data entry. This is indeed a very important part of the website as the
core interaction from the user is facilitated by this part. Search boxes are one such
example that we can consider in this case. And also keeping in mind that there should
be minimal load on the users and the different types of users be it novice, intermed-
iate or expert there should be ample amount of conditions that needs to be followed
like the search completion, matching incorrect searches to most relevant one and 
many such cognitive aspects.

As there has to be a real time opinion amongst the users who use these websites, we
have also put forth a small survey that was planned and the following are the results
drawn from it :
These two images answer the question of the user's most preferred choice and also the reco-
mendations provided by the sites. As you can see 57.1% have chosen YouTube to be their 
first preference 65.8% of users have appreciated the reccomendations provided by YouTube.
Moving to the next slide, we see observe the question that says how safe are YouTube and
daily motion when it comes to surfing for kids and restricting adult content. As we 
observe YouTube has a majority score of 4.5/5 where as dailymotion has 3/5.
In the last question of the survey we asked users what would they recommend others to
use and as you can observe 70.2% answered as YouTube. And hence with respect to the 
principles of interface design and cognition we say YouTube has a better usability score.
The other essential aspects of design will further be continued by my groupmates
