Good Afternoon everyone!!
We are group 3 and today we are here to present our mini-project that showcases
a panic alarm for elders.
Let's start with the Abstract.
Before we get into the technical aspects I would like to answer certain questions
like.... Who is this product meant for? What are its features and so on.

Let's assume a scenario wherein there is an elderly person alone at home and there
is some kind of serious medical emergency and it requires immediate attention.
At this point of time we cannot anticipate & expect the elders to dial up a phone
or send a text message. So, this device definitely helps in this case. There is a 
custom template and recepients number who needs to be alerted set prior to the 
configuration & on press of the button they will defintely be alerted and would come 
to aid.The formulation of this idea is from a research paper from Bali where there 
were a lot of natural calamities that would affect many tourists and localites and 
would put them in a situation where they cannot ask for aid. Since then the 
government of Bali decided on this panic alarm that is suitable for all age groups.

Let's now move to the introduction.
We often experience a situation where we are not in a safe place or we require a 
certain help to save ourselves. So, in this case we employ this panic alarm for 
assistance without letting 3rd parties know.
Additionally this device is mainly focused on the elders but it can also be used by 
specially abled individuals like visually-impaired and the vocally challenged .
This device is slowly being introduced in India whereas the other countries have
already taken a leap.The global approximate by WHO's statement is that this device
has prevented almost 17% of the medical emergencies beforehand and is now developing.

Let's now proceed on how we would be able to build a panic alarm, required components 
and the architecture along with their applications which would be explained by my
group mates.